reports are emerging of Israeli
atrocities during a Siege on gaza's
alifa hospital that if proven would
constitute the most highness of war
crimes according to a statement released
by Hamas and based on witness accounts
Israeli troops carried out horrific
executions of civilians dozens of
decomposing bodies have been found in
the medical compound local officials say
around 300 Palestinians were killed
there are reports and I've got to stress
that these are unconfirmed at this time
that some of the victims had their hands
tied and they were buried
alive and others according to eyewitness
accounts were crushed with tanks and
what appears to be an attempt to cover
up
evidence the most agonizing moment is
when the Israeli soldiers shot dead
civilian men before our own eyes some
were shot dead others were buried alive
in ditches most of the dead bodies were
bulldozed and buried by the Israelis I
saw many young men handcuffed and
blindfolded thrown in a ditch and buried
with sand we witnessed it all it
happened before our own eyes Abu aashi's
director of the Palestinian medical
Relief Society he's joining us from the
site of the alifa hospital in Gaza City
we're going to be talking to him uh
through a translator sir thank you very
much indeed for being with us on Al
jazer I hope you can hear me okay can
you describe to our viewers first of all
what it is you can see and hear and
possibly smell as well because that is a
sense that people cannot get watching on
TV
first of all thank you for having me on
aler I am a Palestinian citizen I lived
through this
war and even before what happened at
alifa hospital is beyond description
the Israeli occupation forces stor a
civilian Hospital a medical facility
catering to civilian
population the Israeli soldiers stor the
hospital and opened fire
indiscriminately on all those inside the
hospital this is a war cry this is
unprecedented in history and isra
as an occupation
Force opens fire executing and killing
patients the wounded and even the
medical staff this
constitute war crimes punishable under
the international law and the
humanitarian law and as I said the
medical staff
were assaulted and this is highly
condemned
by the entire medical staff and this is
not the first time the Israeli
occupation
forces storing hospitals before they
totally destroyed seven hospitals and
medical centers all across centers
namely in the north part of Gaza sir can
I interrupt you there I'd like to get
your opinion please on what it is that
you are seeing and hearing at alifa
hospital while you're
there so it's I hope you can hear me
it's Rob
Matson I said that we as a medical staff
the entire Health Ministry and medical
staff we condemn these crimes committed
by the Israeli occupation
forces sir could I ask you please there
are reports which have not yet been
confirmed that some of the victims had
their hands tied and they were buried
alive have you seen any evidence of
that that's true absolutely true I was
present at ala hospital at at 6: a.m.
this morning I myself witnessed victims
handcuffed behind their backs
blindfolded and
buried in this Hospital yard in the
emergency unit we found dozens of dead
bodies all of them were handcuffed
behind their backs and
blindfolded this were utter war crimes
these are unprecedented throughout
history we have never seen anything like
this in any other
War Sir we have heard reports that there
were attempts by the Israeli troops to
cover up the evidence by using tanks and
bulldozers to cover over uh the ground
have you seen any evidence of that
yourself come on
that's quite natural the ultimate living
evidence to this is that they have laid
tight seed to the entire Hospital
compound for 15 days during all this
time they have been trying to cover up
for their crimes they have rounded up
tortured and executed some of the
medical
we have spoken to many of the survivors
they themselves witnessed for their own
eyes that they have
witnessed many Palestinians being
executed including the patients another
living proof is number of
patients before the hospital was teed we
had figures of the total number of
patients after after The Siege this this
number has
dropped sir can you tell me what has
happened to the people who had been
Sheltering at the hospital and the
remaining medical
staff many of the medical
staff were detained some were released
and some were executed as to the
patients as I said the total number of
patients before the SE before this
attack was
high only now
187 were found as I said many of the
patients were executed many of the
medical staff were executed others
detained
and the rest were
released even the civilians who took
shelter within the hospital compound
they were subjected to the same fate
many were killed others tortured and the
rest was
released we have seen pictures of the
level of Destruction that has happened
at alifa hospital can you give us an
indication of anything that is remaining
on or is the entire hospital now not
working
unfortunately I regret to say what you
have witnessed is only a tipe of the
iceberg the entire hos hospital is R you
have seen the buildings charred and the
traces of flames but you did not see
what's inside all the medical appliances
all the medical equipment all the
medical supplies were torched destroyed
and set fire on by the Israeli
occupation Soldiers the hospital in its
entirity is out of operation and out of
service we are appealing to the
international community health
organizations human rights organizations
to inter
to act swiftly in order to save the
lives of those patients whose lives are
hanging by a
threat as you know this hospital was
catering to the people of the north and
now is out of
service Dr Muhammad Abu alash was is
director of the Palestinian medical
Relief Society he's been talking to us
from the site of the alifa hospital in
Gaza City where Israeli troops have been
holding it under siege for about 2 weeks
and have only withdrawn within the last
few hours Dr Muhammad thank you very
much indeed